README.md, before:

# HospiPlus

## Idea behind the concept

The Idea basically is to create a Geo-Locative web app which will facilitate the user to browse the nearest hospitals along with the their bed count. Also specifically displaying the ICU and other categories of beds. We will try to make the website as simple as possible to make it convenient during the time of emergencies.
The Home page will be displaying hospital listings , different for every user based on their location sorted in the increasing order of distance as well as graphically plotting them on the map using Here Maps. The user can seect the marker on map which will open a component displaying the hospital details.

The home page will link to a panel for the hospital authorities to signup on our portal. If a hospital decides to signup , they will be led to a Dashboard where they can upload general information about their hospital including Name, Address, Services Offered, Contact details,  and the most important the bed count. Once they sign up, the hospital listing will be stored in our database and will now be displayed on our website. Later the hospital authorities can manually keep on updating the bed count.

## Product Demo

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1xSLucXnEpSf9fDQzUvJ_GpbEXDBD92id/view?usp=sharing

## Product Slides

https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1tdTIsyhC-JraaVsxB2IFKG3hEnKSK8JiSU0LBrNlmUA/edit?usp=sharing

## Tools used

* Frontend - React, Reactstrap, HERE MAPS SDK

* Backend - Djnago Rest Framework

# DRF endpoint

The main Django app 'hospital' contains a url.py file which contains all the feature endpoints. The endpoints as also listed below -

`hospitals/` - to retrive the list of all hospitals currently stored in the database via GET request.

`hospitals/<int:id>/` - to retrive the information of a particular hospital with the id via GET request

`hospitals/<int:id>/update/` - to update any of the model fields of a particular hospital i.e. bed counts in our case via PUT request.

`hospitals/create/` - to create a new hospital entry in the database via POST request.

## Instructions to setup

### Client

`yarn && yarn start`

Commit message:

make required changes for PR

README.md, after:

# INCUBATEIND PROGRAMMERS DATE

Project Submission for Programmer's Date.

## Submission Procedure

Read the following steps and guidelines properly for proper submission of your project. Missing out any step or performing it wrongly can lead to unsuccessful submission.

### Step 1

#### Fork this repository

### Step 2

#### Create a New Folder within the forked repository, with the 'folder name' being your 'username' or 'Name' on IncubateIND

## Contents of the folder

- The project directory.
- The presentation that you will be presenting while presenting your project before the judges.
- A text file that contains proper documentation. The documentation should contain:
  - A description of your project.
  - The contents of your project directory.
  - Ways to host your project on the localhost.
- The name of the 'pptx' and 'text' files should also be the 'team name'.

### People with only hardware solution are required to submit only the 'pptx' and 'text' files. A link to the video demonstration of your working model should also be included in both the files.

### Step 3

Create a Pull Request only after you have completed the entire project and do not wish to make any further changes. We will not be accepting more than one Pull Request from any team. \
\
You can complete your work on the local machine and then upload your project folder in the forked repository and proceed to create a Pull Request.
